October, 11, 2012

1. Fixed crashing that occured from the oct 10th update when scrolling to far to the edge in the GUI tab

2. Made the doors in the GUI tab draw the correct rotation, *currently will not update unless map is reloaded*

3. Started looking into wall orientation, may add them to GUI tab in the future, but would have to add in
   Z-Ordering of the objects as well.

October, 10, 2012

1. Greatly improved items drawing in the correct places on the GUI tab

2. Artifically meshed the floor tiles on the GUI map together

October, 5, 2012

1. Made the extents of all objects that are moveable OrangeRed so that they are easier to discern from the other
   objects on the map.
   
2. Invisible walls now draw a darker shade then normal walls.

3. Made wall drawing slightly faster and less resource intensive.

4. Optimized text drawing to the map view, the results are apparent, feels like a 25% speed increase.

5. Made the extent numbers on the objects not visible when extents are showing, this should make it
   a lot easier to figure out what is where and reduce screen clutter.

October, 4, 2012

1. Added a view checkbox (Draw Walls 3D) for walls that displays them extended out to their height.
   This makes it easier to visualize the wall placement.

2. Added a visual indicator for doors and which direction they are facing
   This also extends when using 3D walls as well.
   
   *Note* Both of these recent quasi "3D" options (walls/extents) when enabled significantly slow down 
		  the maprendering. If you notice screen tearing when moving around the map, turn them off until you
		  are at the spot you want to work on.
		  
	-Morden-

October, 3, 2012

1. Fixed objects not having the extrabytes affected fields be enabled when first viewing an object that
   already has extra bytes checked.
    
2. Added a highlight to the wall selection buttons to show the currently selected wall better.

3. Added a set of extents viewing selections to the objects tab. Hide = No extents, Show Colliding = Show
   all of the object extents that have collision, Show All = Show all extents.
   
   *Note* Ambient Sounds are never colliding and their extents are rather large, so I made their extents
   Show as light grey.
   
4. Added an option to set the view state of the polygons

5. Added an option to set the view state of the waypoints

   -Morden-

September, 27, 2012

1. Moved the grid alignment options to the objects tab as they only work for those, also made them
   radio buttons to clarify thier use.
   
   *Perfects ideas*
   
   -Morden-

September, 26, 2012

1. Finally fixed the waypoints not being able to be enabled manually, sorry about this long term
   bug. I was not fully aware of it until today. I am willing to fix issues with the map editor as they
   still arise, just let me know about them.
   -Morden-

June, 22, 2009

1. Allowed more then one byte flag value for waypoint connections
2. Decided to remove auto linking in waypoints, edit mode is better
3. Fixed a few minor bugs	
4. Screamed at the thing.bin loader
5. Streamlined moving objects
6. Added a select mode to the waypoints, move em around at will, also change the name in the text box
   to change its name value.

June, 22, 2009

1. Revised the waypoint creation methods and interfaces
	1. Normal waypoint mode now has two autolinking options
		a. Link 1 -> Links the last point to the new point
		b. Link 2nd -> Links the new point to the new one
		c. Both -> Links both to each other
	
	2. Right click also removes the waypoints now
	
	3. Added a waypoint connections editing button
		1. Right click removes a connection
			a. First one clicked is the one that will lose the link to the 2nd
		2. Left click creates a connection
			a. First one clicked is the one that will get the link to the second
	
	4. When in edit mode the middle mouse button will update the waypoints name
	
2. Added in an auto map search / export feature for default mods into the modlist dialog
   Not sure why I didn't do this before, will search a map for items and if
   it contains any without a default mod it will export that item as the default.
   
   *Note* First map I used it on exported 313 new objects :D

3. Your download for this map editor revision may take longer then normal,
   I'm packaging all of the new item defaults in with it. Enjoy
   
4. Sorry about changing the layout for the tools but it was to create the possibility
   for a few new expansions I have been wanting. I know it is going to be weird to get
   used too, but what it will let me add will be well worth it trust me. 
   
5. Added something awesome
   	
June, 18, 2009

1. Made part of the GUI more efficient

June, 17, 2009

1. Fixed an error where the context menu would show when removing tiles
2. Tried to fix the MudEdge server crash problem *Untested*

June, 16, 2009

1. Fixed possible tile crash with improper tile addressing.
2. Discovered that edge tile varations are not associated with tile variations, will work in to the editor later.
3. Please forward all feature requests to www.noxforum.net before I finish up work on the editor and move on
4. Changed default tile coloring
5. Revised default mod listing form	
6. Did more background fixs and set ups
7. Added option to ignore a tile type when auto edging, so you can edge only to one side of a tile

June, 15, 2009

1. Changed how the map interface interacts with the main window, 
this will allow for extension of it in the future.

June, 11, 2009

1. Redid auto tile to work like it should
2. Fuck you templar
3. It was a lot of work, fuck you all
4. My head hurts

June, 11, 2009

1. Fixed small bug introduced with tile painting that kept mouse input without focus.
2. Sorted tile selection by name so it is easier to find the tile you want.
3. Sorted object selection by name so it is easier to find the object you want.
4. Sorted wall selection by name so it is easier to find the wall you want.
5. Added Auto edging option in to the editor *new feature, may be buggy*.
6. New "Edit" mode for edging added, lets you re-edge a tile without re-creating it.
7. Edging is now shown by edging the tiles, it is still a work in progress.

*Note*: Auto Edging works to a point, you have to watch it near walls and it won't show up
		perfectly on many Westwood maps because they used blends we generally do not.
		However on custom maps, unless you use some of the weird blends, it should work perfectly.

June, 10, 2009

1.  Changed tiling to a "paint brush" system, holding down left mouse button will paint tiles on.
	Holding down the right mouse button will erase the tiles. Clicking the middle mouse button 
	will switch between single tile and multi tile paint. Also the painted tiles will not replace
	any tiles that are already there, so you can edge around tiles or fill gaps quickly.
	
2. Increased the draw speed of the main window, this will require slightly more CPU but was required.
3. Added in a tile preview box that follows the mouse and shows the exact tile location you will be editing.

June, 09, 2009

1. Fixed a crashing bug in the mod editor dialog after loading a map
2. Fixed scripting again so it didn't crash on load
3. Fixed an uncommon crash in re-naming scripting strings to a string with 0 characters
4. Added redundency to the scripting string editing to avoid user based errors
5. Added base system for potential interfacing with the map database
6. Added a new group panel for advanced mapping options and added a series of advanced mapping options
7. Update list now displays on load after an update
8. Added new menu item "Templates->Default List", it shows every item without a default mod
9. Placed emphasis on menu item "Templates->WriteMod", it shows/edits all objects without modeditors

June, 08, 2009

Wow almost 2 years later to the day since last update

1. Updated compilation per zoaedks fix so the map editor works with Vista 64 bit now.
2. Revised map flip / map mirror functions, made them useful
3. Working on adding in all defaults for every item and possibly all mod editors for every item
4. www.noxforum.net for requests for additions while I am working on this again
5. Removed help wiki menu tab since the wiki is down

June, 21, 2007

1. Beta map flip added in, *buggy*

May, 30, 2007

1. Auto variations on walls removed for all but straights, defaulted to 0
2. Korean translations updated

May, 29, 2007

1. Auto variations on walls removed for corners
2. Fixed object crash when selecting OK in editor

May, 23, 2007

1. Auto variations now enabled on walls

May, 18, 2007

1. Right clicking on the minimap goes to GUI view, left goes to largemap (thx teddy)

May, 15, 2007

1. Tile drag added back in and corrected for old errors
2. Small fixs throughout

May, 14, 2007

1. Fixed auto tiling for edges and all other variations
2. Fixed GUI Deletion error
3. Added auto tile coloring you can self define
4. Added a new fixs.

May, 8, 2007

1. Added colorizing of tiles in.

May, 6, 2007

1. Auto tiling added in.
1. Modeditor interface added...(for my use only really).

May, 4, 2007

1. Added option to attach npc image to mouse to check room layouts.

May, 3, 2007

1. Added updates notice to menu, (thanks for reminding me royal).
2. Added support for placing tiles variations > 255
3. Removed false error message when updating mods and modeditors
4. Changed mod editor downloading to recognize file dates

May, 2, 2007

1. Added a generic NPC mod editor, not finished but will 
   give you some script, direction and color editing options.
   
2. Altered the mod box editor to support a treeview to organize things
   Made inventory ADD/DEL buttons inactive unless in an inventory.
   
3. Made splash screen show during updates, to keep users from freaking out.